This is application is a simulation of an HTTP server.

How to use: either use the applicatin Postman or install HTTPie on your local device.

If using postman: declare your port in your .env file. As of launching the current port is set at 3000. In the postman query line type localhost:3000/api/v1/note. This is your base setup for GET and POST routes.

If using HTTPie, in your terminal type http GET localhost:3000/api/v1/note -- 
or try POST localhost:3000/api/v1/note type:Hello content:Content

To access specific files you can target by the id# of the file, and place that in your querystring as so:
localhost:3000/api/vi/note?id=*(id)*

The application is modularized, so each file contains a different set of the application processing. The duties are as follows:
    index.js - launching point 
    route-note.js - appends methods to our router object, giving them functionality to the CRUD methods
    note.js - appends title, content, and id to our router object
    url-parser.js - parses the url for its query string used for targeting individual elements
    storage.js - creates storage for persisting our data as well as methods for retrieving storage
    server.js - creates new server instances with new router objects for new CRUD requests
    router.js - appends prototype functions to our router object, including error handling for improper                 requests
    body-parser.js - parses the data sent in through PUT and POST requests
    server.test.js - tests the functionality of our app





In the server.test.js we are running jest to test if our files are working properly, both on successful and unsuccessful api calls. We are checking body the body and the status code. The code is formatted so the top describe block contains calls that should return with a 2-- status and the invalid requests should return with a 4-- status. We are also testing the validity of our response bodies to test to make sure the correct information was updated/deleted/created/retrieved.

